# PaaS requirements check scripts

Requirements for Patching as a Service (PaaS) are the following:

- File and Print Sharing must be enabled.
- The NetBIOS (tcp139) or Direct Host (tcp445) ports must be accessible on the remote machine.
- The remote machine must be running the Server service.
- The remote machine must be running the Remote Registry service.

This powershell script is designed to set the desired state on a target machine to allow it to targeted by Patching as a Service.

## Requirements

The script can be executed on a machine without any special priviages, however you require a user account on a target machine with Local Administrator privilages, or an account with the ability to control Service and add Firewall rules. 

## Usage

To use this script, download the .ps1. From a system, execute it on a machine.

The script will prompt for a target machine and a username / password. if you wish to target the local machine, use 'localhost' as the computer name.

## Future Development

- Multi-machine targeting - Add capability of executing on multiple machines in a single execution
- Reporting
  - add better reporting functionality
  - hide errors and instead show them as part of the reporting structure
- Offboartding
  - Store the initial state of the target system in a backup file on the C drive. During offboarding there should be an option to restore to that state
  - Cleanup any files generated by PaaS - option to archive or delete?
- Dedupe code - Move service actions to a function and call the function
